update readme (#2)
DevExpress-Examples/winforms-charts-apply-the-best-fit-function-to-a-series: Readme.md

[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Open_in_DevExpress_Support_Center-FF7200?style=flat-square&logo=DevExpress&logoColor=white)](https://supportcenter.devexpress.com/ticket/details/E1300)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/📖_How_to_use_DevExpress_Examples-e9f6fc?style=flat-square)](https://docs.devexpress.com/GeneralInformation/403183)
<!-- default badges end -->

# How to Implement the Best Fit Function, and Apply it to a Chart's Series

> This example shows how to perform a custom regression analysis against scatter series points generated from a data table and plot the line of best fit. 

Reviewer: plot the line of best fit? phrasing.

Reviewer: Also, can you tie the image below with this first sentence? Perhaps you could mention, "...as illustarted on the image below."

Author: ```suggestion
This example shows how to perform a custom regression analysis against scatter series points generated from a data table and display the Line of Best Fit as illustrated on the image below.
```
*Line of Best Fit* is a term here. https://www.investopedia.com/terms/l/line-of-best-fit.asp

Reviewer: This example shows how to perform a custom regression analysis against scatter series points generated from a data table and how to display the Line of Best Fit as illustrated on the image below.

![](images/line-of-best-fit.png)

> To do so, follow the steps below:

Reviewer: I don't think we need this sentence.

Author: Removed it.
